Group A4-6
Pitch Ideas

IDEA 1: Twitter, Google Maps, News API

Quick Look: 
Map →  Click on a place → Shows news about the area and a twitter feed with hashtags related to said news story

Proposal:
	For our primary idea, we would like to combine social media and news media. 
	Specifically, we would like to use Google Maps location along with Twitter and a news API.
	The user would be able to visualize areas on the map. From there, the user could select a specific area of focus. 
	This could be their hometown, a place they are planning on vacationing, or maybe just checking in on the city a 
	friend lives in. Following the user selection, the information from the news API would provide a variety of 
	news stories and anecdotes about the area- their hardships, their triumphs. These news stories would then 
	further be paired with tweets containing hashtags about the news, so that the user can get an idea of how the 
	general population is reacting to the happenings. This idea would be helpful for gaining information about the 
	goings on in different locations.

IDEA 2: Linkedin, News API

Quick Look: 
Choose company  → Shows news about the company, both good and bad 

Proposal:
	For our secondary idea, we would like to combine Linkedin and news media. Specifically, we would like a user
	to search a company that they are considering applying to, have a loved one working for, or are merely interested
	in and get back information on that company. The information would come from a news API and therefore combine 
	a variety of sources that will hopefully show all sides of the company: good and bad. This could be helpful in 
	aiding users get a better understanding of a company before applying for a position or investing in. 

*BONUS* IDEA 3: Music, Movies, Watson

Quick Look: 
Insert playlist  → Analyze mood → Pair with a movie of a similar mood 

Proposal:
	For a third and final idea as a bit of a bonus, we have considered combining music and movies using Watson.
	The user could insert a playlist with songs that they feel represents their mood and the current environmental 
	tone they want to be surrounded by. This playlist would then go through an emotional analysis, and that analysis
	would then allow the user to be paired with a movie that similarly fits the atmosphere they want to be 
	surrounded by- sadness, joy, love. This could make choosing a movie a less tedious process, as many people know
	much more about their music taste than their movie taste in today’s society. 
	
